koji-hub crd docs (#62)
fedora-infra/mbbox: docs/source/user-guide/koji-hub.rst

The httpd service secret name to use or create.

It will skip its creation (self signed) if one is already present.

It needs to be created and signed using the root CA certificate and private key.

Secret format:

.. code-block:: yaml

  apiVersion: v1
  kind: Secret
  metadata:
    name: myservice
    namespace: default
    labels:
      app: koji-hub
  type: kubernetes.io/tls
  data:
    tls.crt: -|
      fillme
    tls.key: -|
      fillme

postgres_secret
---------------

Postgresql secret used by koji-hub to connect to a psql instance.

Depoyment will fail if this secret is not present.

Secret format:

.. code-block:: yaml

  apiVersion: v1
  kind: Secret
  metadata:
    name: postgres
    labels:
      app: postgres
  data:
    POSTGRES_HOST: fillme
    POSTGRES_DB: fillme
    POSTGRES_USER: fillme
    POSTGRES_PASSWORD: fillme

http_enabled
------------

A boolean flag that enables/disables http connections.

https_enabled
-------------

A boolean flag that enables/disables https connections.

topic_prefix
------------

The fedora messaging topic prefix to use koji-hub config.

fedora_messaging_url
--------------------

The fedora messaging url to use in koji-hub.

> This isa required property with no default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a required property with no default value.
```

messaging_cert_cm
-----------------

A config map that contains fedora messaging certs to be mounted in koji-hub pod filesystem.

Those files are used to authenticate koji-hub to a fedora-messaging instance.

Config map fomrat:

.. code-block:: yaml

  apiVersion: v1

>   kind: ConfigMap

Reviewer: This looks like secret to me

Author: it is a configmap now, I will file an issue to make it a secret.

  metadata:
    name: koji-hub-msg
    namespace: default
    labels:
      app: koji-hub
  data:
    koji.ca: |-
      fillme
    koji.crt: |-
      fillme
    koji.key: |-
      fillme

ingress_backend
---------------

The kubernetes ingress backend to use when creating an ingress resource for koji-hub.

Available choices:

* nginx

Usage
=====

> Create a file containing the following content (modify as needed):

Reviewer: We could also add link to existing file in repo.
